README.md, before:

# "HTML for Beginners"

### Full Course - 10 Chapters

---

### Author Links

👋 Hello, I'm Dave Gray.

✅ [Check out my YouTube Channel with all of my tutorials](https://www.youtube.com/DaveGrayTeachesCode).

🚩 [Subscribe to my channel](https://bit.ly/3nGHmNn)

☕ [Buy Me A Coffee](https://buymeacoffee.com/DaveGray)

🚀 Follow Me:

- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/yesdavidgray)
- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/davidagray/)
- [Blog](https://yesdavidgray.com)
- [Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/user/DaveOnEleven)

---

### Description

📺 [YouTube Playlist](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL0Zuz27SZ-6OlAwitnFUubtE93DO-l0vu) for this repository.

🚀 This repository shares ALL of the resources referenced during the HTML tutorial series.

---

### 🎓 Academic Honesty

**DO NOT COPY FOR AN ASSIGNMENT** - Avoid plagiargism and adhere to the spirit of this [Academic Honesty Policy](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/academic-honesty-policy/).

---

### ⚙ Free Web Dev Tools

- 🔗 [Google Chrome Web Browser](https://google.com/chrome/)
- 🔗 [Dark New Tab Chrome Extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/dark-new-tab/kcphhkbdlfggickaoeiahdcfhagfbajl?hl=en)
- 🔗 [Visual Studio Code (aka VS Code)](https://code.visualstudio.com/)
- 🔗 [Live Server VS Code Extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ritwickdey.LiveServer)
- 🔗 [Prettier VS Code Extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=esbenp.prettier-vscode)
- 🔗 [vscode-icons VS Code Extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=vscode-icons-team.vscode-icons)
- 🔗 [Github Themes VS Code Extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=GitHub.github-vscode-theme)
- 🔗 [W3C HTML Validator](https://validator.w3.org/)
- 🔗 [HTML5 Outliner](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/html5-outliner/afoibpobokebhgfnknfndkgemglggomo)

### 📚 References

- 🔗 [MDN: HTML](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML)
- 🔗 [MDN: HTML Elements Reference](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element)
- 🔗 [HTML Entities Character Chart](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/named-characters.html#named-character-references)
- 🔗 [MDN Web Glossary: Semantics](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Semantics)
- 🔗 [w3Schools: Semantic HTML](https://www.w3schools.com/html/html5_semantic_elements.asp)
- 🔗 [MDN: Document and Website Structure](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Introduction_to_HTML/Document_and_website_structure)

### 🖼️ Image Resources:
- Placeholder Image Generators:
    - 🔗 [21 of the Best](https://loremipsum.io/21-of-the-best-placeholder-image-generators/)
- Sites with Freely-Usable Images: 
    - 🔗 [Unsplash.com](https://unsplash.com/)
    - 🔗 [Pexels.com](https://www.pexels.com/)
    - 🔗 [Gratisography.com](https://gratisography.com/)
    - 🔗 [Pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/)
- Image Editing / Resizing Software: 
    - 🔗 For Windows: [Irfanview](https://www.irfanview.com/)
    - 🔗 As a Service: [Canva.com](https://www.canva.com/)
    - 🔗 [Suggestions for Macs](https://www.cleverfiles.com/howto/top-5-photo-editing-apps-mac.html)
- Full Featured Editor for Windows/Mac/Linux: 
    - 🔗 [Gimp](https://www.gimp.org/)
- Image Compression (shrink file size): 
    - 🔗 [TinyPNG](https://tinypng.com/)

### 📚 HTML Table References: 
- 🔗 [MDN: Table Basics](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Tables/Basics)
- 🔗 [MDN: Advanced Tables and Accessibility](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Tables/Advanced)

### 📚 HTML Forms References: 
- 🔗 [MDN: Web Forms](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Forms)
- 🔗 [MDN: Form Element](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/form)

---

### 💻 Source Code

**Note:** The _"Starter Code"_ for a lesson is also the _"Completed Code"_ for the previous lesson unless otherwise noted.

- 🔗 [Chapter 2 Starter Code](https://github.com/gitdagray/html_course/tree/main/01_lesson)
- 🔗 [Chapter 3 Starter Code](https://github.com/gitdagray/html_course/tree/main/02_lesson)
- 🔗 [Chapter 4 Starter Code](https://github.com/gitdagray/html_course/tree/main/03_lesson)
- 🔗 [Chapter 5 Starter Code](https://github.com/gitdagray/html_course/tree/main/04_lesson)
- 🔗 [Chapter 6 Starter Code](https://github.com/gitdagray/html_course/tree/main/05_lesson)
- 🔗 [Chapter 7 Starter Code](https://github.com/gitdagray/html_course/tree/main/06_lesson)
- 🔗 [Chapter 8 Starter Code](https://github.com/gitdagray/html_course/tree/main/07_lesson)
- 🔗 [Chapter 9 Starter Code](https://github.com/gitdagray/html_course/tree/main/08_lesson)
- 🔗 [Chapter 9 Completed Code](https://github.com/gitdagray/html_course/tree/main/09_lesson)
- 🔗 [Chapter 10 Starter Code](https://github.com/gitdagray/html_course/tree/main/10_lesson_starter)
- 🔗 [Chapter 10 Completed Code](https://github.com/gitdagray/html_course/tree/main/10_lesson)

Commit message:

Change README.md for forked version

README.md, after:

# HTML Project "The Little Taco Shop"

## Forked from [Dave Gray's GitHub](https://github.com/gitdagray/html_course)

---
---

### Author Links

👋 Hello, I'm Dave Gray.

✅ [Check out my YouTube Channel with all of my tutorials](https://www.youtube.com/DaveGrayTeachesCode).

🚩 [Subscribe to my channel](https://bit.ly/3nGHmNn)

☕ [Buy Me A Coffee](https://buymeacoffee.com/DaveGray)

🚀 Follow Me:

- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/yesdavidgray)
- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/davidagray/)
- [Blog](https://yesdavidgray.com)
- [Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/user/DaveOnEleven)

---

### Description

📺 [YouTube Playlist](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL0Zuz27SZ-6OlAwitnFUubtE93DO-l0vu) for this repository.

🚀 This repository shares ALL of the resources referenced during the HTML tutorial series.

---

### 🎓 Academic Honesty

**DO NOT COPY FOR AN ASSIGNMENT** - Avoid plagiargism and adhere to the spirit of this [Academic Honesty Policy](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/academic-honesty-policy/).

---

### ⚙ Free Web Dev Tools

- 🔗 [Google Chrome Web Browser](https://google.com/chrome/)
- 🔗 [Dark New Tab Chrome Extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/dark-new-tab/kcphhkbdlfggickaoeiahdcfhagfbajl?hl=en)
- 🔗 [Visual Studio Code (aka VS Code)](https://code.visualstudio.com/)
- 🔗 [Live Server VS Code Extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ritwickdey.LiveServer)
- 🔗 [Prettier VS Code Extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=esbenp.prettier-vscode)
- 🔗 [vscode-icons VS Code Extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=vscode-icons-team.vscode-icons)
- 🔗 [Github Themes VS Code Extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=GitHub.github-vscode-theme)
- 🔗 [W3C HTML Validator](https://validator.w3.org/)
- 🔗 [HTML5 Outliner](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/html5-outliner/afoibpobokebhgfnknfndkgemglggomo)

### 📚 References

- 🔗 [MDN: HTML](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML)
- 🔗 [MDN: HTML Elements Reference](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element)
- 🔗 [HTML Entities Character Chart](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/named-characters.html#named-character-references)
- 🔗 [MDN Web Glossary: Semantics](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Semantics)
- 🔗 [w3Schools: Semantic HTML](https://www.w3schools.com/html/html5_semantic_elements.asp)
- 🔗 [MDN: Document and Website Structure](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Introduction_to_HTML/Document_and_website_structure)

### 🖼️ Image Resources:
- Placeholder Image Generators:
    - 🔗 [21 of the Best](https://loremipsum.io/21-of-the-best-placeholder-image-generators/)
- Sites with Freely-Usable Images: 
    - 🔗 [Unsplash.com](https://unsplash.com/)
    - 🔗 [Pexels.com](https://www.pexels.com/)
    - 🔗 [Gratisography.com](https://gratisography.com/)
    - 🔗 [Pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/)
- Image Editing / Resizing Software: 
    - 🔗 For Windows: [Irfanview](https://www.irfanview.com/)
    - 🔗 As a Service: [Canva.com](https://www.canva.com/)
    - 🔗 [Suggestions for Macs](https://www.cleverfiles.com/howto/top-5-photo-editing-apps-mac.html)
- Full Featured Editor for Windows/Mac/Linux: 
    - 🔗 [Gimp](https://www.gimp.org/)
- Image Compression (shrink file size): 
    - 🔗 [TinyPNG](https://tinypng.com/)

### 📚 HTML Table References: 
- 🔗 [MDN: Table Basics](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Tables/Basics)
- 🔗 [MDN: Advanced Tables and Accessibility](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Tables/Advanced)

### 📚 HTML Forms References: 
- 🔗 [MDN: Web Forms](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Forms)
- 🔗 [MDN: Form Element](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/form)

---

### 💻 Source Code

**Note:** The _"Starter Code"_ for a lesson is also the _"Completed Code"_ for the previous lesson unless otherwise noted.

- 🔗 [Chapter 2 Starter Code](https://github.com/gitdagray/html_course/tree/main/01_lesson)
- 🔗 [Chapter 3 Starter Code](https://github.com/gitdagray/html_course/tree/main/02_lesson)
- 🔗 [Chapter 4 Starter Code](https://github.com/gitdagray/html_course/tree/main/03_lesson)
- 🔗 [Chapter 5 Starter Code](https://github.com/gitdagray/html_course/tree/main/04_lesson)
- 🔗 [Chapter 6 Starter Code](https://github.com/gitdagray/html_course/tree/main/05_lesson)
- 🔗 [Chapter 7 Starter Code](https://github.com/gitdagray/html_course/tree/main/06_lesson)
- 🔗 [Chapter 8 Starter Code](https://github.com/gitdagray/html_course/tree/main/07_lesson)
- 🔗 [Chapter 9 Starter Code](https://github.com/gitdagray/html_course/tree/main/08_lesson)
- 🔗 [Chapter 9 Completed Code](https://github.com/gitdagray/html_course/tree/main/09_lesson)
- 🔗 [Chapter 10 Starter Code](https://github.com/gitdagray/html_course/tree/main/10_lesson_starter)
- 🔗 [Chapter 10 Completed Code](https://github.com/gitdagray/html_course/tree/main/10_lesson)
